Swap out Flake8 for ruff in linting (#232)
navapbc/template-application-flask: docs/app/formatting-and-linting.md

Run `make lint` to run all of the linters. It's recommended you run the formatters first as they fix several linting issues automatically.

> ### Flake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ruff
```

> [ruff](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) is used to enforce a set of best practices for our Python code. Configuration options can be found in [pyproject.toml - tool.ruff](/app/pyproject.toml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ruff](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/) is used to enforce a set of best practices for our Python code. Configuration options can be found in [pyproject.toml - tool.ruff](/app/pyproject.toml).
```

> We use two flake extensions:

Reviewer: (And I think we should delete lines 22 - 24 here)
